Fort Apache last Western outpost here
lived a long lean cavalry man who fear
no living soul here - are there women
wives mothers sweethearts brought to the
screen with dramatic intensity by
director John Ford or the patchy stars
John Wayne Henry Fonda Shirley Temple
Pedro almond Doris with ward bond
Georgia Bryan Victor McLaglen Anna
Irene rich dick foreign guy kippy grant
Withers
John agar colonel if you send out the
regiment Cochise will think I've tricked
him exactly
we have tricked him trick him into
returning to American soil and I intend
to see that he stays here Colonel
Thursday I gave my word to Cochise no
man is gonna make a liar out of me sir
tell him I find him without honor
Coronel encuentro see no nor tell him
that I'm talking to me but the United
States government is unwelcome even
americano tell them off they have not
started by Dawn Lee will attack eat
another tell on the hounds let's see
what the cutter
you